Q) Why Java is not 100% Object-oriented?
        Because of Primitive data types namely: boolean, byte, char, int, float, double, long, short
		we have wrapper classes which actually “wrap” the primitive data type into an object of that class. in Collections FrameWork.
		
Q) Why pointers are not used in Java? Mostly asked in java interview questions and Answers in MNC to check you basic knowledge of java and programming languages and logics behind them.
Because : 
	1) They are unsafe.
	2) Increases the complexity of the program and since Java is known for its  simplicity of code, adding the concept of pointers will be contradicting.
	3) Since JVM is responsible for implicit memory allocation, thus in order to  avoid direct access to memory by the user,  pointers are discouraged in Java

Q) What is JIT compiler in Java?
	The JIT (Just-In-Time) Compiler in Java is a part of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that improves performance by converting bytecode into native machine code at runtime.
	JIT compiler is a component of JVM that converts frequently executed bytecode into native machine code at runtime to improve performance.
	
Q) Why String is immutable in java?
	1) String pool requires string to be immutable otherwise shared reference can be changed from anywhere.
	2) security because string is shared on different area like file system, networking connection, database connection ,
	having immutable string allows you to be secure and safe because no one can change reference of string once it gets created.
	
Q) What is a marker interface?
	A Marker interface can be defined as the interface having no data member and member functions. In simpler terms, an empty interface is called the Marker interface. 
	Ex: Serilizable and Clonable

Q) Can you override a private or static method in Java?
	As I have told you in previous videos : method overriding is a good topic to ask trick questions in Java.
	1) you can not override a private or static method in Java.
	2) you cannot override a private method in sub class because it's not accessible there, what you do is create another private method with the same name in the child class.
	3) For static methods if you create a similar method with same return type and same method arguments in child class then it will hide the superclass method, this is known as method hiding.
	
Q) Does “finally” always execute in Java?
	Not in following cases
	1.“System.exit()” function 
	2.system crash

Q) What Methods Does the Object Class Have?
	Java.lang.Object class, parent of all has following methods : 

protected Object clone() throws CloneNotSupportedException
	Creates and returns a copy of this object.

public boolean equals(Object obj)
	Indicates whether some other object is “equal to” this one.

protected void finalize() throws Throwable
	Called by the garbage collector on an object when garbagecollection   determines that there are no more references to the object.
		public final Class getClass() : Returns the runtime class of an object.
		public int hashCode(): Returns a hash code value for the object.
	
Q) How Can You Make a Class Immutable?
	To make a class immutable, 
	1.we declare it as final
	2.make all fields private and final
	3.initialize them through a constructor
	4.do not provide setters and
	5.return defensive copies for mutable objects. This ensures the object's state cannot be changed after creation.

Q) What is singleton class in Java and how can we make a class singleton? it is a design partten 
	A Singleton class in Java is a class that allows only one instance to be created and provides a global point of access to that instance in one JVM.

Why do we use Singleton?
To control object creation (only one instance)
To save memory
Useful for:
Database connections
Logging
Configuration classes
Caching

public class Singleton {

    private static volatile Singleton instance;

    private Singleton() {}

    public static Singleton getInstance() {
        if (instance == null) {
            synchronized (Singleton.class) {
                if (instance == null) {
                    instance = new Singleton();
                }
            }
        }
        return instance;
    }
}

